[DOCS-10683] Cloudcraft new CCM overlay and updates (#28995)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/datadog_cloudcraft/overlays.md

---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Cloudcraft in Datadog is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

## Overview

Cloudcraft supports overlays that integrate data from multiple sources, enriching your diagrams with real-time insights. These views let you group and filter resources by key attributes, helping you focus on different parts of your architecture for troubleshooting, cost optimization, or security analysis. Each overlay is designed to address a specific operational goal, making it easy to adapt the diagram to your needs.

## Available overlays

Cloudcraft provides the following built-in overlays: 

- [Infrastructure](#infrastructure) (default) 
- [Agent](#agent)
- [Security](#security)
- [Cloud Cost Management (CCM)](#cloud-cost-management)

### Infrastructure

The infrastructure view provides a broad overview, grouping resources by Account, Region, and VPC. This view is ideal for generating architecture diagrams for troubleshooting or high-level review.

> The infrastructure diagram excludes components like EBS, NAT Gateway, and Transit Gateway, among others, to give you an uncluttered diagram, showing you the most important parts of your architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The infrastructure diagram excludes components like EBS, NAT Gateway, and Transit Gateway to reduce visual clutter and highlight the most important parts of your architecture.
```

{{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/cloudcraft_infra_diagram_with_ccm.png" alt="Infrastructure overlay in Cloudcraft" style="width:100%;" >}}

### Agent 

The Agent Overlay indicates whether the Agent is installed on your EC2 hosts using a collapsible legend at the bottom of the screen. A green dot signifies the Agent is installed, while a grey dot indicates it is not installed on that resource.

{{< img src="datadog_cloudcraft/agent_overlay_with_ccm.png" alt="Agent overlay in Cloudcraft, highlighting the collapsible legend at the bottom left hand side of the screen." width="100%" >}}

### Security

The security overlay highlights potential security exposures in your architecture, grouping resources by Region, VPC, and Security Group. It displays misconfigurations detected by Cloud Security, helping you:

- Identify security issues directly in infrastructure diagrams.
- Analyze misconfigurations in context to prioritize remediation.

> - Assess security posture before deploying applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assess your security posture before deploying applications.
```

> You can click on any resource to open a side panel with more details, allowing deeper investigation without leaving the diagram.

Reviewer 2: may be call out "any resource with findings"
